Transcription of: 1966293765158560167.mp4
Generated on: 2026-07-14 01:09:38
Model used: qwen3-asr-1.7b-mlx (language: en)
============================================================

There is a reckoning coming for the evil, corrupt fucks in this world, because we see what you're doing. We know what you're doing. We don't like it, and we're not gonna fucking take it anymore. Charlie Kirk was assassinated today by a professional. Plenty of video. The guy running up around on the roof, up on the roof. He double-tapped Charlie right in the heart from 219 yards. That is not an easy shot. I don't care what anybody fucking says. Double-tap to the heart. But but but Charlie was wearing body armor. Why? And and so that's plate armor. And what happened was the bullets hit, fragmented, and came up through his fucking neck. Killed him. He was he was fucking dead before they even got him to hospital. This and this is so fucking dirty. No security at this event. No ambulances at this event. They stuffed him in the back of an SUV. Just six dudes had to pick him up. And take him away. This was a fucking dirty intelligence fucking job all fucking day long, and you know what? And then you go, well, why was Charlie wearing body armor? Because Charlie was telling people that he thought Israel was going to kill him right here. Look at this shit. Yeah, because he had been noticing things. Charlie was recently on the PBD podcast, and he was talking about how October seventh, that Israel had to have stood down. That there had to have been a stand down. He talked about how he's been there, and there's like a dude with a machine gun every ten feet on that wall. And without a stand down, there is no way they got through there to rain that murder. That was allowed to happen. That's what these evil fucks do. And then, rather to fucking lose another person to reality, to the great noticing. They fucking kill him, right on point with the trans shooter. That shit is all too well planned out. I want to know who asked that question. Because that shit was very leading, and it sure damn well seemed like it was the trigger point. And then you got, then you got your Patsy, and they didn't catch this guy. And now you got Cash Patel out there, still looking like a fool because he has no control over the FBI and is getting fed bullshit information. He's like, "Oh, we got the guy. Oh, we don't have the guy. Oh, we have a person of interest. Oh, they had nothing to do with it, dude. They caught a dude. They a guy with a pellet gun." They pulled some dude with a pellet gun out of there, and then some old homeless old man. They did. They're they're gonna roll out some Lee Harvey Oswald, Patsy, and play off some bullshit. Like I'm fucking pissed. I'm fucking sick of tolerating the mental illness on the fucking left. I'm sick of the zero accountability that we see for any of the corruption and the fucking crimes. We need to turn a leaf right now and demand accountability and that something fucking happens. If people aren't gonna go to fucking jail like right now, this isn't. We we shouldn't be America first anymore. It should be America only. And clean this shit up. Zero tolerance for any mental illness, bullshit, thievery, crime, greed, all across the board. Like fuck these corrupt sons of bitches! I want to see something fucking change right now, or it, or or we're going to need to do it ourselves. If this fucking government, if Trump and his fucking administration and all of this, if they can't fucking do something, burn it all down. Good luck to you all. Long live the republic.