Transcription of: 2045871393611395289_00002.mp4
Generated on: 2026-04-20 12:35:25
Model used: whisper-base (language: en)
============================================================

I want to remind you guys we should take a look at their current case against Tyler Robinson to see if we should accept this narrative because
Currently there is absolutely no video which shows Tyler Robinson
firing the weapon or even taking aim at Charlie Kirk in fact the
Individual who filmed the footage of the shooter on the roof the lone video that exists of the shooter on the roof
Also told me that he doesn't think that Tyler Robinson is the guy
So how's that gonna work for it an eyewitness account when he reported
The shooter on the roof to Utah on the campus
He was clear that the person was wearing an entirely different outfit than the ones that they're currently trying to claim that
Tyler wore on that day remember Tyler was just supposed to be wearing a t-shirt and some jeans
He says no, he was in tactical gear the person that I saw was in tactical gear
Down stand reported one individual that was shot and known for the shooter when
And that's the advice you be you in a orm has had an active shooter at the
Charlie Kirk event. We're getting several calls. We're trying to get more information
She's going to be wearing all black black long gun black tactical helmet a black mask
Possibly wearing as tactical best in jeans
Just maybe the biggest building is just
East of the library. He's wearing jeans black shirt black mark long rifle
Things to you be you there was one shot
We are staging as the fun of the school by the roundabout
the building is on top of the building on the far north side just piece of the library
wearing jeans black shirt black vest we are
General currently
Father victim
Right all incoming units you guys can't hold we just have the one victim
Also that I witnessed told me that
That gun doesn't even match what I saw and like I said this individual
definitively has experience with guns. He teaches people how to fire guns
So according to him and what he observed if he's going to be brought into this court case that they're saying they want toga
They want to bring charges against Tyler these are going to testify and say no at that doesn't look like the gun. That doesn't look like the person
So how's this going to work
also
According to the individual that told me this
Regarding the feds trying to push for this case closure
They also the feds don't even have any footage that explains how exactly the rifle in particular got onto the roof
That's done's me that's stunning information right because all we have is well in the indictment he dropped on to the roof at 12 15 p.m
I
Tyler Robinson just dropped on to the roof. I guess in our minds
We assumed on the basis of the picture that they released the sole picture or set of pictures from the same moment of him walking up
The stairs we assumed that he like I said stanky liked it the whole stanky like all the way up onto the rooftop
That was our perception, but it turns out going to my source. They don't know how the rifle got onto the roof
That's interesting how are we bringing this to trial now regarding the bullets the source says that it was too fragmented
to match Tyler's rifle so they don't have even the bullet and
Let us not forget that Tyler himself has not confessed to anything and that part also didn't make sense
Black men puts up a million dollars
Tyler's dad gets the sheriff friend to come over and they say he did it and they the police come and they bring him in
They bring Tyler Robinson in but Tyler Robinson doesn't confess. So how did you arrest him?
Does that make sense how how could you make an arrest if you didn't have a confession?
You would have to have evidence and the evidence can't be trust my dad bro
You can't if I just bring in a random person I say oh look Skylar just committed this crime and Skylar says no
I didn't it doesn't confess the police can't just make an arrest. You just arrest Skylar
Nothing is making sense at all. It has not made sense from the very beginning
Okay, and that's because the feds are involved and I believe the feds know exactly what happened in fact
I don't think it's a stretch of imagination when we examine history to assume that they may be
Even had some foreign knowledge
Not everybody not everybody obviously because some people are
Trying to get the information out and are trying to figure out what happened
But we know that there are people
That are a part of that apparatus who are terrible human beings who we do not want really go for us and yet they do
So I'm just curious what exactly how exactly they believe they are going to convict Tyler Robinson on this
Oh, you know what?
It's probably the discord messages. I forgot silly me
The discord I forgot you it was so explicit. How could we forget? Oh
Lance oh Lance where for out that lance deny that father and refuse the name
And with doubt well to not lance the bullets me my hand prints. It was me
It was me my love. I did everything. I carved it. Do you remember my love when I was carving the bullets
Yes
Yes
I exactly this time is when I did it and these are the reasons
My mega daddy my love that was quilt not my love
Cool
Cool story very cool story feds kind of feeling like Tyler's gonna get off
Because they've got really nothing but prints and for my sources
It's not the only set of prints that are on that gun
In fact, the only thing that I have heard that made sense which should not come from our government government
Uh, it not come from the feds not come from the Utah government
But rather from the people that are on the ground to believe that actually
Tyler was just told to walk and drop off his gun at a neighboring house
That that for some reason just feels like that might be honest and that was how he participated in this event
But we'll see because I'm not going to let this go
So we'll see if the feds tell us to just dismiss it as they always do