Transcription of: 2069185145555255370.mp4
Generated on: 2026-06-23 01:30:02
Model used: whisper-base (language: en)
============================================================

People who immediately testified after Charlie got hit
said that they saw Charlie get shot in the chest.
It was one of the things that we actually covered
almost immediately after the shooting on this show
was that many of the people who spoke to the news
were all bizarrely somehow politically connected.
So we started profiling these people
and we found out this person, Tiffany Barker,
I think was one of the names actually
she was working on Phil Lyman's campaign
Phil Lyman was out there testify.
Everything just felt weird and organized
and so we covered it.
And we forgot that many people were saying
that Charlie got hit in the chest.
It was almost like they didn't look,
it was very obvious where he got hit,
anybody who looked at him.
So why did they suddenly run to cameras
and say that they saw Charlie get hit in the chest, right?
Never an answer for that.
I want you guys to take a listen to these people
who tried to convincingly sell that he got hit in the chest.
I heard a loud bang which I figured a shot
would be a little bit louder
but I just saw it hit him in the chest
and then all of a sudden just tons of blood
gushing right out where his heart is
and then he like fell over and slumped down
and everybody got down and was screaming
and then we all ran.
It was a direct shot to the heart.
It looked like right where his heart is
it started going red, he go back and went to his side
and then I looked down at the crowd
and looked like the crowd is always running really fast.
When I heard the first gunshot go off all of a sudden
I just saw an eruption of blood come out at Charlie's chest
and then his whole body recoil and go limp
and basically everybody just screamed and fell to the floor.
Ladies and gentlemen, they are not guessing,
they are providing a description that never happened.
It never happened.
There was never a pooling of blood near Charlie's heart.
Never happened.
It was very obvious if you were anywhere near
where Charlie got hit and actually it came out sideways.
The blood came out sideways and I hate to be graphing
and describe that but it's important to remember that
and we all saw the video, okay?
And I told you his shirt was clean.
And yet they described that as if it was pre-planned
for them to go out there.
I'm going to investigate these people who came out here
and said this right near his heart.
I told you my theory is that the shape charge
was intended to hit his chest but something went wrong
because the shape charge, like I said, can be directed
but it is not an exact science.
I do not think they ever intended for the shot to be public.
I don't think they ever intended for it to hit his neck.
I think his mic, the second redundant mic was rigged
and it was meant to hit his chest.
He was wearing a white shirt.
Those descriptions were meant to make sense
because they are the instant ones that came out.
They're speaking to NBC News, a pooling of blood
around his heart.
You never saw that, sir.
How did you get on NBC News?
I'm going to find out.
I'm going to find out who these people are
because that is way too specific.
They are providing false witness intentionally
and then I think they had to pivot
because actually the shape's charge accidentally
as opposed to hitting his chest
and causing that 30 out of six diameter
as would happen with a patent explosive
as we've demonstrated to you in the past.
It accidentally because of how Charlie was crouched
went up and hit his neck
and that ruined everything.
Everyone did everything.
It was problematic.
It's the reason why Terrell then had to scramble
to get the cameras down
because they were never supposed to see it.
They could have said reasonably that a 30 out six
got eaten by Charlie much more recently, obviously
than saying that the chicken bones in his neck
stopped it because he ate vegetables.
They panicked.
That was what then that's why Terrell's nervous
on the phone with me.
Again, this is my theory
and I am now very much digging to it.
Okay.
They panicked.
It's the reason Erica had to step out
once that's why she would have gotten on the phone
with Terrell so quickly
because I was going, why is Terrell saying,
why didn't one Erica to relive it?
That's why I didn't have an answer.
He was nervous.
It was crazy.
But he acknowledged and he spoke to Erica immediately.
Why did you speak to Erica immediately?
Why would you bother a quote unquote grieving widow
with the nonsense of a camera behind his head
that shows nothing?
Why did you jump specifically to grab that camera's SD card
and then lie and say, Andrew Colvin,
people were stealing stuff.
Buddy, we have eyes.
We saw you take specifically the SD card
and you left the camera, which is more expensive.
They panicked.
I believe this, they panicked big time
because the plan did not go as expected.
In my opinion, I have not seen any convincing evidence
to the contrary.
And now that I comprehend how a shape charge works
and I am now receiving emails from people telling me
that at Fort Watts, you got,
they could have put together this rigged mic.
I'm trying to comprehend what they said.
They said they have a department that works in signals
and I am communicating with people who know more about that.
But if I find out they assemble things like this
at Fort Watts, you got things you're going to get
a lot more interesting.
Anyway, back to the grieving widow.