Transcription of: 2072814926133866634.mp4
Generated on: 2026-07-02 23:59:48
Model used: whisper-base (language: en)
============================================================

Where are tax sellers used to assassinate Charlie Kirk?
Hold on.
I was sent this by a few people.
Charlie Kirk was killed with a miniature explosive
like we made at Accurate Energetic Systems in Tennessee
and purchased by the DOD for 425K in May of 2025.
You can bet [name redacted] was involved in the planning
of his public assassination.
While I pulled all of Accurate Energy Systems contracts
from USASpending.gov, and I found this one.
This one, the address is in Tennessee.
It is for miniature XS demolition devices,
anti-personnel SPM.
That is what caught my attention.
We are going to come back to that.
The amount is $440,494.
The procurement period may of 2025 to August of 2025.
So I went and looked up all other procurements
because as somebody who has done DOD procurements before,
that was a really odd amount of time.
None of Accurate Energy Systems procurements were less than a year
except for this one.
The contract was signed on April 22, 2025.
A lot of weird things about this procurement.
It was a simplified acquisition process,
meaning did it quickly and it was one biter.
They did not put it under any of the IDVs,
which are the vehicles that they have for all the other hundreds
of tens of millions of dollars that AES had with them,
which gets worse.
These devices are made for special operations forces.
And the XS anti-personnel are tiny ones to kill people.
They're put on people.
If you want to get darker, [name redacted],
our deputy sector staff,
well, his old company, Sarah Best, owns the company,
I forget the name of it,
that trains the special operations forces on these detonation devices.
He's the one who put protecting the blue and white country
in his priorities as the same as protecting America.
So you have a procurement that was signed April 22,
and started May 1st, ended August.
Poor tiny devices to kill people forgot to mention
that the plant that the address is that.
Well, it exploded a month after Charlie Kirk's assassination
and everyone in that plant died.
Those survivors.
Correlation doesn't mean causality.
I'm a big, big advocate of that.
However, something doesn't smell right.
At all.
So if someone knows more or can help me correct some of this
or figure out what's going on, let me know
because it doesn't fucking look good.
Stay tuned.